OSDOCS-12321_install#adding GCP filestore WIF (#88607)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/cco-ccoctl-creating-at-once.adoc

+
endif::aws-sts,google-cloud-platform,azure-workload-id[]
ifdef::aws-sts[]

> 

Reviewer: This stray line has broken the formatting, need to remove
```suggestion
```
![image](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/ff44870b-09d7-4fd4-81f9-2524c5803ac1)

====
endif::aws-sts[]
ifdef::google-cloud-platform[]
//Added this IMPORTANT note to reflect OSDOCS-12321
[IMPORTANT]
+
====
For {gcp-wid-short} , you need to provide the identity pool ID and provider ID to `ccoctl` with the `--name parameter`. Record these values for later, which you will need to install the {gcp-short} Filestore Container Storage Interface (CSI) Driver Operator.

> ====

Reviewer: I think you probably need to remove the commented out line, because it will be parsed as a blank line and the formatting here is very picky with all these complex list items. You could move it inside the admonition block if you need to retain it in the source file.

Otherwise:
- this is a note about the `--name` parameter. It should probably just be added to the text of callout `<1>`.
- it's not really clear from this what providing the ID pool and provider means/looks like. Could we get a better description of what the user needs to add here, and perhaps a demonstration of the format?
- does everyone use the CSI Driver Operator? if not, this should probably be phrased conditionally, as it is only relevant for those users. 

To put all that into practice, I would suggest moving this down below and rewriting as follows:

```
<1> Specify the user-defined name for all created GCP resources used for tracking.
You must provide the identity pool ID and provider ID in the format of `<whatever_this_looks_like>`.
If you plan to install the {gcp-short} Filestore Container Storage Interface (CSI) Driver Operator, retain these values.
```

That would look like this:
![image](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/5d8fb613-d951-4a11-97c1-46ad7ad0a78b)

Reviewer: I just want to note that I have posed a Q to Jeremiah in Slack about this and have an alternative recommendation if he confirms my suspicions about this command
https://redhat-internal.slack.com/archives/C08E19KGSCT/p1739983886655859

  --project=<gcp_project_id> \// <3>
  --credentials-requests-dir=<path_to_credentials_requests_directory> <4>
----

> <1> Specify the user-defined name for all created {gcp-short} resources used for tracking. You must provide the identity pool ID and provider ID in the format of `<EXAMPLE>`. If you plan to install the {gcp-short} Filestore Container Storage Interface (CSI) Driver Operator, retain these values.

Reviewer 2: The pool ID and provider ID are optional values, not required for CSI operator. They will both default to the name, which can then be used when installing the operator. I think the comment to make here is to take note of the value provided here as it may be required when installing additional operators.

Reviewer: So, probably:
```suggestion
<1> Specify the user-defined name for all created {gcp-short} resources used for tracking. If you plan to install the {gcp-short} Filestore Container Storage Interface (CSI) Driver Operator, retain this value.
```
